This folder contains scripts that may be useful for homelab purposes or otherwise useful to me one way or another.

- `compress.sh` - Shell script that will take a folder of .mkv, .mp4, or .avi files and compress it to the best 1080p .mkv version it can using Handbrake-CLI. Script is dynamic enough to recognize if it is running on a Mac or Linux-based host and adjusts commands to accommodate. It assumes Handbrake-CLI is already installed on the host, and will not attempt to install it on its own.
- `yt-dlp.sh` - Shell script I use to download audio from various sources in the best quality. This script only makes me run one command without needing to adjust it with a different URL each time since the script prompts for it. Assumes yt-dlp is installed and environment is Mac.
- `mm-upgrade-w-postgres.sh` - Shell script I wrote to upgrade Mattermost and Postgres on a bare metal Red Hat server registered to an internal Satellite server. Optional to skip Postgres upgrades; makes copies of critical directories prior to the upgrade and only removes them if the upgrade is successful (the service starts properly). Assumes that Postgres is installed from official repos and is using the `postgresql` dnf module; assumes Postgres is being authenticated with a local user and not over an `ident` user so it changes to `md5` in the `pg_hba.conf` file to facilitate this; and that the new version is a `.tar.` in `/opt` and follows the naming convention `mattermost-$target_version-linux-amd64.tar`.